included two matches one
I think we
in the first part
sometimes per game per
by determination by output how it came out
we are doing it a game we were
being ambitious we were linking creating danger
is what these parties have not liked in the end if it is not effective in the
area
primitive improvement at home no forest it is clear that
that today he had already thrown us away
of concentration his hobby had arrived
withdrawn from
everything was not put in a goal
we have made major comebacks we have done no
but it is true that we are not
he has gone to rest with the 1 to 0
but of course with my
with the feeling that
the c칩rdoba
although he had not been superior to us, we stopped options that
he had seen we can not hurt
Diego is of course
Muxu kills us ad
that 2 0 more start
it is a very hard stick
the players of course
this one showed the changes we think appropriate but to go down with that goal
no, why not
in which he put us in the game
i wolves the truth is that
against
the c칩rdoba or soda has sentenced us and has been able to even put some time
some more goal
coyhaique-
nancy obreg칩n manifested my players
has continued to stand up to the end to keep trying
We have tried
I have passed the past
we have to feel at least
the unionists
they are the players
and the trainers
the very proud
what he is doing of what this team has done
and that excess is the summary there is no
look forward you have to be with your head high
medal race
these players
I see complicated as he knows how to travel to Qatar
your scaled up the ugly numbers we know what
although as at all times of the avalanche
to that we must maintain control not
velasco depending on himself in the last day
the complicated complicated what is true that you and mathematics
mathematically there are options however small they may be
bush the team in principle
ep has to fight for them
without saying anything they have done or did not lack of fiat sult치n that nothing the
players have gone for their hobby
and there will be many players hand in hand
and some not released but inside
on holy Saturday we will do it
in general
we are proud
will represent it real union hobby does not represent the city with a
and he said it the other day last will happen
I am proud of the players of what we are doing what we have
fact
because of the fighting